hey dude what's going on it's Ricky here
from buy me an iphone calm here with my
unboxing and review of the incipio
off-grid pro for the iphone 4s and the
iphone 4 now this is one of those cases
I saw at CES 2012 that I was really
excited to purchase it cost 99 dollars
at incipio calm and you can pick one up
for a little bit cheaper on amazon or
through ebay through the my gear store
you can probably get it for about sixty
nine bucks so let's go ahead and open up
the box and let's see what comes with
the incipio off-grid pro battery
charging case you get the microUSB port
this is for charging and syncing because
the case does cover up the 30-pin dock
connector so that's nice that they have
that we have an adapter here for the
headphone jack because the headphone
jack is recessed so now you can use any
headphones you'd like with this case
really appreciate that inclusion and now
we have the star of the show we have the
incipio off-grid pro in pearl white it
looks absolutely awesome it is glossy
and then we also have a spare battery
with a charger now this is really nice
because while you're using the phone
with a battery in the case you can have
one charging at home when you get home
you have a dead battery you want to go
ahead and swap them out real quick you
can go ahead and do so let the other one
charge as far as battery life is
concerned you're going to get about 75%
per battery so that's actually pretty
good for charging case like this next up
we have the warranty how to put the case
on battery life all that good stuff
we'll go ahead and throw that to the
side for now we'll talk about all that
stuff later so let's look at the incipio
off-grid pro this is a very nice case
it's actually one of the thinner battery
cases that I've used and that's one of
the reasons why I was attracted to it
because it comes with that spare battery
but because it's a very thin case it
doesn't add too much bulk you see
there's a little tab there to pull the
case apart because it is a two-part case
you have the back piece that holds all
the battery components and then you also
have the bumper so take the battery out
it's real simple you just pull up
underneath the tab there got the battery
right there we'll go ahead and plug that
back in and let's go ahead and grab the
iphone 4s and let's throw it on the case
just to see what it looks like now of
course i got the white case because i do
have a white phone
but they do have other colors they have
a black and they also have a gunmetal
color those are both Matt this one is a
glossy so it just depends on what you'd
like for your phone to install the
bumper you just hold on the top and just
snap everything in the place you can see
all the ports that are open we got the
toggle there for the vibrate we got the
headphone jack that's open we also have
the camera on the back that's open on
the other side there's nothing really
there and we're back to the front so let
me go ahead and show you the adapter and
how to hook up your headphones again
it's really easy it's really nice that
they included this in the case most
companies would just say you know tough
you have to use the apple headphones so
let's go ahead and plug in the adapter
and there you can see we have the other
end ready to go so we'll just take the
fanny wangs headphones here we'll plug
those in and just like that you're ready
to rock and roll listening to your music
everything sounds great there's no
problems whatsoever you do have the
dongle hanging off like that so it does
kind of feel a little weird with the
case but other than that it's a great
addition now the biggest problem with
the incipio off guard Pro and white is
that it doesn't charge the way it's
supposed to you hold down the button to
power it on nothing you hold it down to
see the LED lights nothing now I haven't
had the problems with the other cases
with the black or the gunmetal it's only
been with the white and it's just kind
of frustrating because this is the color
I like obviously because my phone is
white but the case doesn't work the way
it's supposed to I've gone through four
different cases and although I can
recommend the other cases it's tough for
me to recommend the white one because
you do have to charge it or hold down
the buttons the way I showed you if you
don't mind doing that then by all means
go ahead and order this case because it
does look really classy it looks very
sleek like I said I love everything else
about the case i love the adapter for
the headphone jack I like the extra
battery and charger that you get I like
the thinness of the case so everything
is awesome but again there's just that
small caveat of not being able to charge
the white one the way it should so thank
you guys so much for watching this
unboxing and review of the incipio
off-grid pro please check out our other
reviews on WWE night I am calm otherwise
I will see you guys in the next video
talk to you later